=Generation to Generation=
=Episode 37=
- Mr. Mu.
Most followers
are helping Qingque Sect
heal the wounded
and clean up the mess.
The rest await your orders.
My time is running out.
- Mr. Mu.
No need to say more.
From now on,
you two will jointly manage the Li Sect.
Gradually open trade
with the Six Sects.
Coexist in harmony.
All plans are
in this handbook.
After I'm gone,
if you clash with the Six Sects,
you can go to Song Yuzhi
to negotiate a solution.
Yes.
For Zhao's future,
I only wish her peace and smoothness.
If
she finds a good person,
please be sure to
protect her.
- Yes.
Go.
Zhao,
the first half of my life was hard.
Surviving
was my only wish.
Not until I met you
did I know the meaning of living.
Like candlelight piercing the darkness.
Like the fragrant curling cooking smoke.
I'm sorry, Zhao.
I broke my promise.
I still used the Disintegration.
Zhao.
We made a pact.
After I die,
bury my ashes under
that tri-colored peach blossoms tree
in Luoying Valley.
That way, whether I become a breeze
or a grain of sand,
I'll always stay by your side.
If one day,
you find another good match,
I'll be truly happy for you.
You won't die.
And I'll never find
another good match.
Zhao,
I owe you so much
in this life.
I hope you don't blame me.
Don't resent me.
Mu Qingyan.
In this life,
you're the only one I ever loved.
Every time I think of
the seven Python Whips you endured.
I know
you took that punishment
to cut ties with me for good.
But in my heart,
it's the opposite.
In my midnight dreams,
I see you covered in blood.
And at that moment,
I know I have no way to escape.
Then don't escape.
We'll never be apart again.
If I have time
to ride the Golden Peng with you
and revisit the Hanhai Mountains,
how nice that would be.
Okay.
I'll go with you.
Zhao, will you go back to
Carefree Chamber with me?
I will.
I'll stay with you
as long as you want.
♪If we never met♪
♪Would there be no longing♪
Zhao.
♪In that fleeting moment♪
You'll look beautiful
in a wedding dress.
♪Countless times♪
When you get better,
we'll get married.
♪Love and hate, scattered in threads♪
♪Intertwined and tangled into lines♪
♪Holding you and me♪
♪Life spreads without boundary♪
♪After parting♪
♪Before death♪
♪We meet no more♪
♪If we never met♪
Zhao.
♪Life is full of hardships♪
♪In dreams♪
♪I become a sleeping lotus♪
♪Before awakening♪
♪I have already lost sleep♪
♪Love and hate, scattered in threads♪
♪Intertwined and tangled into lines♪
Zhao!
♪After this life♪
♪We meet no more♪
Zhao!
Go back and bury your father properly.
From now on,
this manor will depend on you.
If you ever run into trouble,
Luoying Valley
will surely help.
Thank you, Uncle Cai.
About Zhao's matter...
Let's not mention the past.
It's good you've each found
your own happiness.
Siqi Sect has been troubled
for a long time.
Those old folks inside
aren't easy to deal with.
If you can't handle it alone,
don't push yourself.
Come find me at Luoying Valley anytime.
When it comes to arguing,
I have never lost.
Don't worry, Aunt. I won't overdo it.
If it can't be done in a day,
I'll wait a year.
If a year won't do, I'll wait ten.
I have patience.
I'll eventually clean up
Siqi Sect thoroughly.
Give the martial arts world
an explanation.
You want to take a third wife?
Clean up your mind.
There's pure admiration
between men and women too.
Your thoughts are so dirty.
Be careful, I'll tell Xing.
Let's go.
It's about time we head back.
Yeah.
Zhao.
It's like heaven never shuts all doors.
In the end, he made a desperate move.
He used the Disintegration to
force his inner power to surge.
But he'd already passed
all his inner power to you.
Only the Suzi Fragrance poison
remained in his meridians.
That evil technique
actually forced out all the poison.
Why go to such great lengths to
bring Qi Yunke's remains
from the Sinner's Stone Forest?
With Master as company,
I think aunt will be happy.
Qi Yunke did so many bad things
in his life.
Do you think your aunt will be happy?
After my aunt came back
seriously injured,
she refused medicine and
planned to die.
She was afraid
I'd be bullied in the future.
So she forced herself to
teach me martial arts and formations.
And how to behave.
That's how
she got through each day.
She managed to hold on
for over ten years.
During those years,
only master
came to heal aunt every year
and chatted with her.
Whenever she was with master,
my aunt always had a smile.
So
master must be
the most important person to aunt.
Compared to seeking revenge,
this kind of companionship
is the most precious.
This...
belongs to Mu Zhengyang.
Or rather
it's a gift from Ms. Cai
to Mu Zhengyang.
I think
leaving it here
is the best choice.
That's good.
This way,
they can chat and recall the past.
Aunt,
you've stayed in solitude for so long.
It's time for a bit of
warmth and company.
We were once travelers,
drowning in wine-induced cheer.
Since we parted like floating clouds,
ten years have drifted away.
However brilliant
one may be,
however astonishing one's feats
and passions once were,
in the end,
all return
to dust.
Living in this world,
I often wonder
what truly matters most.
Aunt once said
that to live in this world,
what matters most
is to be sensible and joyful each day,
with no shame when looking up or down.
The Yin clan may one day fall.
The Nie clan may vanish too.
We
will never perish.
(Breeze)
Aunt!
Master.
This is Breeze.
Uncle Lei asked me to bring it to you.
If you know from the other side,
now we can share a drink again.
(Sunshine Blade Manual)
This way, please.
- You're so thoughtful.
- Please.
Here, hand that to me.
Hang it higher.
Elder Yan thinks
the Six Sects just went through turmoil,
so it's a time of transition.
He still wants to persuade
Young Master to go back
to complete Li Sect's great cause
of unifying the Six Sects.
Well now,
Young Master is married just like that.
No.
He's marrying into
this vibrant Luoying Valley.
Young Master!
Look how hopeless you are.
Xing.
Young Master's marriage
is a happy event.
Besides,
none of the new generation of
the Six Sects are easy to deal with.
Like Lord of Siqi Sect, Yang Xiaolan.
Rumor has it she's mastered
the Sunshine Blade Technique.
And Song Yuzhi,
the new Lord of the Qingque Sect.
He reorganized the sect
in just a few months.
If we really fight the Six Sects again
as Elder Yan said,
can we still live in peace?
Yes.
Of course we can.
Dear.
Don't carry such heavy things.
Let me do it.
Alright, coming.
Welcome, Master Shangguan.
My flowers!
You stepped on them.
I...
Where to put Young Master's dowry?
Follow me.
Put it here.
Come on, let's have some tea.
Smiley.
I can't smile.
In three days,
Young Master
will be part of the Cai clan.
So sweet!
Tastes good.
Young Master ordered these
at the fruit shop east of town.
Heard it's improved with licoric.
Too many won't cause internal heat.
I'll take a few jin back
as gifts for the brothers
of Qinglong Altar.
I'll buy a few jin for my wives.
To keep them from being bored
and nagging me every day.
I'm different from you.
I love watching our Xing nag.
This dress style is nice.
But the craftsmanship's a bit rough.
(Tea House)
Needs reworking.
(Inn; Spicy Skewer Shop)
This wax...
Too much of it will produce heavy smoke.
Later, I'll have Shangguan
go back to the Hanhai Mountains
to get some merman wax
from the treasury.
It burns longer
and has a special fragrance.
We can ride the Golden Peng back.
Just in time for the auspicious day.
(Guest: Li Sect, You Guanyue and Xing)
Six Sects and Li Sect
have been peaceful now,
but there are still some old grievances.
We still need to separate their seats
at the banquet.
Zhao,
what are you drawing?
Do you think the clothing shop
should be in front of the shoe shop?
Or behind?
Should the candy shop
be next to the spicy skewer shop?
You're wasting such good time
on this?
Yeah,
it's such a rare chance.
Think about it.
When the time comes,
people from the Six Sects
and Li Sect will all come.
The threshold of Luoying Valley
will be worn out.
All the storytellers across the Jianghu
must shout a line or two.
And what does that mean?
That's our chance.
Whether Xingjia and I
can grow our business
depends on this.
Since Ms. Cai
cares only about doing business
and nothing about marriage,
(Guest)
Then this wedding
doesn't need to happen.
(Guest)
Welcome, welcome!
Wishing you joy and harmony!
Lord Zhou of Peiqiong Manor and his wife
have come to offer their blessings.
Welcome, welcome!
Wishing you joy and harmony!
Eternal unity!
Lord Zhou and Lady Zhou
wish Mr. Mu and Ms. Cai
a lifetime of harmony!
Welcome, welcome!
Long time no see.
Here, here are the gifts.
Thank you so much.
Gifts from Peiqiong Manor.
A hundred golden silk armors.
A thousand taels of gold.
Just the little gifts from us.
Lord of the Windchaser Manor
and Lady Lingbo
here to offer their congratulations!
Welcome, welcome!
Wishing you joy and harmony!
Eternal unity!
Welcome, welcome!
Wishing you joy and harmony!
A pair of Ruyi scepters.
A chest of glass lamps.
Lord Dai, please come in.
Dear.
This way.
- Congrats!
Please, come in.
Xingjia.
Fengchi!
Lingbo!
Come on, please, this way!
Xingjia.
Your hairpin looks really nice.
You look nice too.
Long time no see, Xingjia.
Long time no see.
(Jianghu Fair)
Xingjia.
What's that over there?
The Jianghu Fair.
Here.
Please.
This was all Zhao's idea.
All the delicious food, fine drinks
and useful things
across the Jianghu are here.
(Wine)
This is Peach Blossom Wine from Luoying.
Brewed from the very first blooms
of springtime.
The aroma is rich and sweet.
You can pre-order it next spring.
Also,
the Hanhai Tonic Pills
is a secret recipe passed down
by the Mu clan.
Inherited from the Beichen Founder.
I saw it first.
I got it first.
But I grabbed it first.
I clearly saw it first!
Xingjia.
Yuzhi has arrived.
I'll go greet him.
Dear.
(Luoying Valley)
Welcome, welcome!
Wishing you joy and harmony!
Eternal unity!
Welcome, welcome!
Wishing you joy and harmony!
Eternal unity!
Welcome, welcome!
Wishing you joy and harmony!
Eternal unity!
Welcome, welcome!
Wishing you joy and harmony!
Lord Song.
So beautiful.
May I ask who you are?
Wan Dazhuang.
Wan Dazhuang presents his gift.
A piece of thousand-year cold jade.
A snow mountain ganoderma.
Shangguan.
Who is this Wan Dazhuang?
Never heard of him before.
Why did he just leave?
This is my
fiancé I just got engaged to.
His name is Wan Dazhuang.
Eternal unity!
As you wish,
he chose an ordinary life.
Take care.
Tao Xiaoshu.
Shopkeeper!
We've got a big deal.
Where's the big deal?
Your hand fan!
Yuzhi.
I'm tied up at Qingque Sect.
I'd like to entrust
all Guangtian Gate stalls
to you.
Does that count as a big deal?
Open the wine!
I want to talk about
this big business with Yuzhi properly.
Don't open the wine.
Auspicious time is here.
Let's get married first.
(Luoying Valley)
♪The breeze is gentle♪
♪And spring is fair♪
♪I roam the rivers and hills♪
♪In the martial world♪
♪With a shining cup♪
♪I drink with delight tonight♪
♪Free to wander♪
♪in the world♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I rest beneath the stars' soft gleam♪
♪The night is calm, still as a stream♪
♪It washes away all judgment and scheme♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪
=Generation to Generation=
♪The breeze is gentle,
and spring is fair♪
♪I roam the rivers and hills
in the martial world♪
♪With a shining cup,
I drink with delight tonight♪
♪Free to wander in the world♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I rest beneath the stars' soft gleam♪
♪The night is calm, still as a stream♪
♪It washes away all judgment and scheme♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪